docs: fix deployments of gateway-api and ingress-configurator (#172)
canonical/ingress-configurator-operator: docs/tutorial/getting-started.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     "description lang=en": "Step-by-step guide for deploying the Ingress Configurator charm to provide ingress to a backend Flask application running on Kubernetes through GatewayAPI."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "description lang=en": "Step-by-step guide for deploying the Ingress Configurator charm to provide ingress to a backend Flask application running on Kubernetes through Gateway API."
```
nit
